# Learning Zig Repository

Welcome to my learning journey with the Zig programming language! In this
repository, I document various steps of my learning process as I strive to build
a strong foundation in this emerging programming language. My goal is to become
proficient in Zig and ultimately be in a position to secure job opportunities
leveraging this skill.

As an experienced developer with over 10 years of programming experience, diving
into Zig presents an exciting challenge and opportunity for growth. Through this
repository, I aim to track my progress, share insights, and collaborate with the
community to accelerate my learning curve.

I appreciate your interest in following along with my Zig learning adventure.
Feel free to explore the repository, provide feedback, or join me on this
journey towards mastery of the Zig language.

## How this works

This repository is structured to provide a clear roadmap for my learning journey
with Zig. Each step in my learning process is organized into separate
directories, starting with "01-hello_world" and continuing with subsequent steps
named accordingly (e.g., "02-testing", "03-advanced_concepts", etc.). By
following the progression of directories, you can track my learning process
chronologically and understand the evolution of my skills as I delve deeper into
Zig.

To follow along with my learning steps, simply navigate through the directories
in ascending order, starting from the initial "01-hello_world" directory. Each
directory contains relevant code examples, explanations, and insights related to
the specific aspect of Zig that I am exploring at that stage of my learning
journey. Feel free to delve into the code, provide feedback, or suggest
improvements as I progress through each step towards mastering the Zig
programming language.
